# Introduction

Condor Downloader is a simple utility aimed at pilots using the Condor Soaring simulator.
It automates the process of downloading a flight track and best performances from the
Condor.Club website, saving the user from the monotonous task of doing the same by hand.

# Limitations

Condor Downloader is a JavaFX application running on Windows only. It
requires the FireFox browser be installed.  

The application will detect the user's Condor directories and only allow downloads 
from a task compatible with the versions of Condor installed.

The application will only work in English and the user's Condor.Club account must 
use English as well. 

# Installation

The utility comes packaged as a zip file. The zip file can be extracted to any directory.
The application is started by running the "Condor Downloader\condorDownloader.exe" file.

# Instructions for Use

## Settings

Before use, the user should set the settings which include the user's Condor.Club
user-name and password, the path to the FireFox executable (in case the utility can't
find it).

The settings are saved in a file called CondorDownloader.ini which can be found in 
the user's home directory in a folder ".condorDownloader". 

## Task Code

The task code is the Task Network ID used by Condor.Club to identify the task. This
code can be found on the Task Description page and should look like "Network id:
ABCEDF". The code will have five or six capital letters. Use this code in the Task
Code field of the utility.

## Flight Plan
If you select the "Download Flight Plan", it will be downloaded to the Flight 
Tracks folder for the compatible version of Condor. The file will be copied twice,
with the task code used as a prefix on one and as a suffix on the other.  This makes it 
easier to find the task when running Condor.  

## Flight Tracks
You can choose to download the flight tracks of the best performances (results) by 
entering a number in the text box labeled "Number of ghost tracks to download".  If you enter zero,
no flight tracks will be downloaded.

Only the top results are downloaded. If the task was used in a competition, you can 
download those tracks by selected the appropriate checkbox on the utility. This 
checkbox is ignored if the task was not used in a competition.

The tracks are downloaded one at a time. If the flight track already exists in 
the ghost folder, it won't be downloaded again. The number of downloads is unlimited 
but 5 to 10 is reasonable. If there aren't as many results as desired, the utility 
will download all the results available.

The best performances are saved as ghost flight tracks in the FlightTracks\Ghosts folder
of the relevant Condor version. If you select the "Copy ghosts to flight track folder",
the ghost files will also be copied to that folder so they are ready to be used
in the simulator.  Otherwise, to use the ghosts, you will have to manually copy the files.

## Download Button
The download button is enabled when a task code is entered and either the Download Flight 
Track checkbox is selected or a non-zero number is entered in the "Number of ghost tracks 
to download" field.

Clicking the button will start the download process.

The status field below the button will provide updates on the progress. It will say 
"Download complete. Enjoy the flight!" when the process is completed.  If there is an error, 
the explanation should be provided.  For successful downloads or minor errors such as a 
timeout, you can try to download again with the same or another task.

## Clean Up Flight Track Folder
Under the File menu is a selection to "Clean up flight track folder." The menu selection
will delete all the ghost flight tracks from the flight track folder in both versions of
Condor.

## Logs
A log file generated by the app is available for debugging. It will be found in the user's 
home directory in a folder ".condorDownloader".  The log configuration can be changed by 
editing the logging.properties file found in the "Condor Downloader\conf" folder.

